Scalding Exercise 
====================

This is a simple exercise for Scalding Developers.
The purpose is to write a Scalding Job to analyse the content of the access logs generated by a web application. 
An example of those logs is in the file events.log in this directory.

## Input

Events are indicating the following information:

- timestamp: the time of the event expressed as epoch value 
- userId: the identifier of the user, extracted by the request headers
- action: the HTTP verb associated to the operation
- actionData: other information associated to the operation

The purpose is extract statistics about the users session. In more detail we want to extract:

- The average session duration 
- The average number of actions per session. 

A user session is defined by a series of user actions separated by an interval of time less than 10 milliseconds (just for this example, should be in the range of minutes in a real example).
Please consider that you can't rely on the event description to determine the session, the description in the example file is just to explain the concept. You need to focus on the event timestamp.

## Required Output

Home exercise: 

A Scalding Job class plus its runner and all the tests required to prove that the implemented logic works.

Shorter face to face interview: 

the main logic of the scalding job. A description of the main macro-functions to implement and an implementation of at least one of them. Description and basic implementation of tests
